[Turnstile] Remove duplicate wording (#21678)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/turnstile/concepts/hostname-management.mdx

## Hostname limits

By default, a widget can have a maximum of 10 hostnames associated. Each widget requires at least one hostname to be entered.

> ### Availability
> Customers with Enterprise Bot Management or Enterprise Turnstile may create and use a widget without entering any hostnames, or have more than 10 hostnames associated with a widget. Contact your account team for access to this feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Availability

Customers with Enterprise Bot Management or Enterprise Turnstile may create and use a widget without entering any hostnames, or have more than 10 hostnames associated with a widget. Contact your account team for access to this feature.
```

## Hostname limits

> By default, a widget can have a maximum of 10 hostnames associated. Each widget requires at least one hostname to be entered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, a widget can have a maximum of 15 hostnames for Free users and 200 hostnames for Enterprise customers. Each widget requires at least one hostname to be entered. You will not be able to create the widget without a hostname configured.
```

### Availability

> Customers with Enterprise Bot Management or Enterprise Turnstile may create and use a widget without entering any hostnames, or have more than 10 hostnames associated with a widget. Contact your account team for access to this feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Customers with Enterprise Bot Management or Enterprise Turnstile may create and use a widget without entering any hostnames, or have up to 200 hostnames associated with a widget. Contact your account team for access to this feature.
```

## Hostname limits

By default, a widget can have a maximum of 10 hostnames associated. Each widget requires at least one hostname to be entered.

> :::caution[Availability]
> Customers with Enterprise Bot Management or Enterprise Turnstile may create and use a widget without entering any hostnames, or have more than 10 hostnames associated with a widget.
> Contact your account team for the feature access.
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Availability
Customers with Enterprise Bot Management or Enterprise Turnstile may create and use a widget without entering any hostnames, or have more than 10 hostnames associated with a widget. Contact your account team for access to this feature.
```

:::note

> If the widget is embedded on a hostname not listed, it will display an error message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the widget is embedded on a hostname not listed, it will display an error message.
:::

## Optional hostname validation (Enterprise only)

Customers with Enterprise Bot Management or Enterprise Turnstile can have the optional `any hostname` validation entitlement.

By default, a widget requires at least one hostname to be entered. With this entitlement, you can create and use a widget without entering any hostnames for the widget.

Contact your account team to enable this entitlement.
```

> By default, a widget requires at least one hostname to be entered. With this entitlement, you can create and use a widget without entering any hostnames for the widget.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, a widget requires at least one hostname to be entered. With this feature, you can create and use a widget without entering any hostnames for the widget.
```

> Contact your account team to enable this entitlement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contact your account team to enable this feature.
```

By default, a widget requires at least one hostname to be entered. With this entitlement, you can create and use a widget without entering any hostnames for the widget.

Contact your account team to enable this entitlement.

> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
